Style edits to Apache Kafka Source Example topic (#4202)
knative/docs: docs/developer/eventing/sources/kafka-source/README.md

        segment.bytes: 1073741824
    ```

2. Deploy the `KafkaTopic` YAML file by running the command:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
    ```
    Where `<filename>` is the name of your `KafkaTopic` YAML file.

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    kafkatopic.kafka.strimzi.io/knative-demo-topic created
    ```

3. Ensure that the `KafkaTopic` is running by running the command:

    ```bash
    kubectl -n kafka get kafkatopics.kafka.strimzi.io
    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
    ```
    Where `<filename>` is the name of the file you created in the previous step.

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    service.serving.knative.dev/event-display created
    ```

1. Ensure that the Service Pod is running, by running the command:

    ```bash
    kubectl get pods
    ```

    The Pod name is prefixed with `event-display`:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    kafkasource.sources.knative.dev/kafka-source created
    ```

1. Verify that the event source Pod is running:

    ```bash
    kubectl get pods
    ```

    The Pod name is prefixed with `kafka-source`:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    NAME                                  READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE

>     kafka-source-xlnhq-5544766765-dnl5s   1/1       Running   0          40m

Reviewer: Not sure whether you need to run the `kubectl logs` command on line 169 as well as line 170. Or is line 169 a command and 170 the output?

Author: Can you answer this, @matzew?

Reviewer 2: 169 is the command, 170 is an example output

Author: Thanks, @lberk.

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

    ```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{ .bash .no-copy }
```

topics:
- knative-demo-topic
sink:
  ref:
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
    kind: Service
    name: event-display
```

## Optional: Specify the initial offset

By default the `KafkaSource` starts consuming from the latest offset in each partition. If you want
to consume from the earliest offset, set the initialOffset field to `earliest`, for example:

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KafkaSource
metadata:
name: kafka-source
spec:
consumerGroup: knative-group
initialOffset: earliest
bootstrapServers:
- my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092 # note the kafka namespace
topics:
- knative-demo-topic
sink:
  ref:
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
    kind: Service
    name: event-display
```

!!! note
    The valid values for `initialOffset` are `earliest` and `latest`. Any other value results in a
    validation error. This field is honored only if there are no prior committed offsets for that
    consumer group.

## Connecting to a TLS-enabled Kafka Broker

The KafkaSource supports TLS and SASL authentication methods. To enable TLS authentication, you must have the following files:

* CA Certificate
* Client Certificate and Key

> KafkaSource expects these files to be in pem format, if it is in other format like jks, convert to pem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KafkaSource expects these files to be in PEM format. If they are in another format, such as JKS, convert them to PEM.
```

1. Create the certificate files as secrets in the namespace where KafkaSource is going to be set up, by running the commands:

> 

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether you need to run the lines after the `kubectl create secret` commands below, or whether they are output? If they are output, consider either deleting or putting them in a separate box because when you copy the command from the box, you end up copying both lines.

Author: Can you answer this, @matzew?

Author: Or @lberk (now that you're in [Knative Party](https://knative.party/)?)

Reviewer 2: `secret/cacert created` and `secret/key create` are indeed output.

Author: Thanks, @lberk, I've deleted those lines to prevent confusion.
